All right, so
I'm gonna go up one directory now.
So now I am in home.
And now I want to know
what's inside of home.
So I'm gonna clear again here.
So I'm gonna type ls and
I run that and now ls is going to tell
me here is everything that's inside
of this directory right now.
So now I can see I have one folder
inside of the home directory and
it's called Ubuntu.
Or if I go up one, and
now I am in root, right?
And if I type ls here, you can see
that there's a bunch of stuff in here.
So that's what ls does for you.
It stands for list, right?
It's just saying list everything
that I have in here right now.
Cool, so those are two of the again,
most useful things.
I use ls so much that it's almost
a nervous tic at this point,
that I'll just change
directories into something,
even if I know everything that's
inside of that directory beforehand.
I just immediately type ls from
just muscle memory, right?
It's like running my hands through
my hair, like picking your teeth, or
I don't know, or biting your nails, right?
You can just run ls immediately.
The nice thing about ls as well is
right now, you can see I'm in the root
directory, but let's say I wanted to know
what was inside of the home directory.
I can say ls and
then I can give it a path to look inside.
So, if I say ls home, it's going to tell
me what's inside of the home directory.
So, this is called an argument or
parameters,
you can call it either
one of those things.
Tends to get called arguments
in this particular case,
that's what I'm gonna stick to.
And here I'm telling it,
not only do I want to list something, but
I'm telling you where I want the list to
be ran and this is going to change from
program to program what kind of arguments
that you are going to give into it.
And again, this --help is
gonna be immense help to you.
This is actually quite long, but you
can see up here it's telling you ls and
it is telling you,
this is how you can run ls.
So that's something to
keep in mind as well.
Okay.
Another one that I wanted to go over
is something that I'll be using all
the time is one called echo.
So if I say echo and I say hi.
Surprise, surprise,
it just says hi, right?
So you're just telling it to output
whatever I say put in there.
So if I say,
echo welcome to frontend masters,
it's going to say welcome
to frontend masters.
Now obviously this is not incredibly
useful for what we're doing right now, but
it will be useful when you're
inside of programs and
you're doing things one after another.
It will be useful so
that you can display steps along the way.
So this is basically like your console.log
if you're a JavaScript developer,
that's what echo is.
Echo works different for
every single shell that you're doing.
So in this particular shell, in this
bash shell that we're using right now,
you can give it as many parameters and
it'll just keep outputting them, but
many of them you actually
have to put inside a quote.
So I would have to say echo
"welcome to frontend masters" or
else it wouldn't work.
So sometimes you have
to put that in quotes.
Just be aware of that.
Here's another good one.
There's another one called which, so
which will tell you what the path is
to the program that you're running.
So if I say which and I say,
let's say ls for example,
it's gonna tell me the ls
program lives in /bin/ls.
So you could actually change
directory into the /bindirectory and
you could find ls in there.
If you run ls in here,
you can see there's actually a lot
of stuff in the bin directory.
Bin stands for binary.
It's where you keep all of
your runnable programs.
But you can see here,
ls should be in here.
Here it is, it's right there.
But here is just some of the very great
many programs that you can run with Linux.
All right, so
I'm gonna go back to my home directory.
All right, so that's kind of arguments.
Some programs take one argument, some
programs take no arguments, like pwd for
example, takes no arguments.
ls optionally takes an argument.
Some programs take many arguments.
So it just depends on which program and
you'll see that kind of as
we're going through here.
But argument is just textual information
that you're providing to a program.
That's the idea of what an argument is.